today we're going to be practicing your speaking and conversational skills B having a conversation. 
 you and me what is it going to look like I have repaired a dialogue one line is for me and the. 
 either one is for you you will see them on the screen I'm going to stay my line and you're going to read your lying out loud. 
 on the screen and that's going to bur response and then vice versa the first line will be yours and the second mine disaster. 
 size will give you already ready lines and answers to use in real life with other people and get your prepare to. 
 conversations in addition he might pick up a Fraser to I prepared a part of a dialogue between two friends or. 
 says who haven't seen each other in a while and accidentally run into each other which is the story of my life I chose this type of con. 
 station because honestly this is pretty much the conversation I've been having with people lately because it's true you never have the. 
 you can give a call to your friends these days well at least this how it is for me there's so many things to do and there's just one. 
 4 hours in a day which as it turns out as absolutely not enough so let's start I'm saying my line and then you will see you. 
 line on the screen and say it out loud as if you were answering to me oh hey have you been it's been awhile. 
 oh I have so much to tell you are you in any kind of a hurry or how about grabbing coffee and catching up. 
 awesome let's go then who'd have thought we'd cross paths. 
 like this. 
 this whole time but I've just been so busy lately so many things have been going on and I've just been doing what I can to handle. 
 and now we switch lines the first one will be yours and the second mine so now you start. 
 Tayana yeah it has. 
 I haven't seen you in ages so what's new with you. 
 sure sounds great I don't have to be anywhere. 
 I know right what a coincidence. 
 I know exactly what you mean it feels like life has become a little crazy lately. 
 okay that said guys I hope you enjoy this little practice video and found it useful and you know let me know in the comments. 
 if you can relate to such a situation by. 
 yeah it has I haven't seen you in ages so what's new with you oh I have so much to tell you are you in any kind of a hurry. 
 or how about grabbing coffee and catching up sure sounds great I don't have to be anywhere awesome let's go then who does. 
 we cross paths like this I know right what a coincidence I have honestly been meaning to call you this whole time but I've just been. 
 busy lately so many things have been going on and I've just been doing what I can to handle it all I know exactly what you mean. 
 feels like life has become a little crazy lately. 
 